Improve the API documentation and markdown files (#177)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-rabbitmq: rabbitmq-ballerina/Package.md

## Package Overview

The `rabbitmq` library is one of the standard library packages of the<a target="_blank" href="https://ballerina.io
/"> Ballerina </a> language.

> This package provides the capability to send and receive messages by connecting to the RabbitMQ server. RabbitMQ gives your applications a common platform to send and receive messages, and your messages a safe place to live until received. RabbitMQ is one of the most popular open source message brokers. It is lightweight and easy to deploy on premises and in the cloud. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides the capability to send and receive messages by connecting to the RabbitMQ server. RabbitMQ gives your applications a common platform to send and receive messages and a safe place for your messages to live until received. RabbitMQ is one of the most popular open-source message brokers. It is lightweight and easy to deploy on-premise and in the cloud. 
```
